that's what we should be doing we should
be chugging champagne we should be
wearing diamonds collecting albino
pythons I'm over here I'm holding onto
the poop side of this scrubber the
pay even as dog oil Puma has a hundred
thousand followers the hotel we are
locked down boss party's over
I think we should turn ourselves in
what's with the pockets I'm showing them
I'm unarmed shut up we can take them
my plan work plan didn't work you got me
300 kicked in the chest I'm gonna go put
on pants
you are for this we take their guns and
free the hostages
right
we're here to collect a toll from Bay
awadhi ain't touching my stacks breath
this lady just her pants I didn't I
did not my pants are you calling me
a liar no want someone did she hit their
pants and I'm not gonna say who
[Applause]
are you ready to be Tom Brady
[Music]
do you think Tom Brady is in the Brady
Bunch
it's the dad right oh no is it
[Music]
well you didn't bring me along till it
looked like the black nerd from die hard
cuz I don't
[Music]